fix(clerk-js): Display emailAddress validation errors in `<Waitlist />` component (#5243)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/poor-insects-yell.md

---
'@clerk/clerk-js': patch
---

> Display validation error in `<Waitlist />` emailAddress field correctly 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display validation error in `<Waitlist />` for email address field correctly 
```
